What do you mean you can't wake up?
The patient suffered severe head trauma
Risk of brain death
Please be mentally prepared
What about uncle?
I'm dead too.
I want you to pay
I'm your dad
Are you going to rebel?
If you hadn't come back
How could grandpa die?
What does it have to do with me?
Your Majesty, you little liar
He pushed your grandfather down
Nonsense, it's you who rushed in and messed around
Grandpa Shen won't give you money
You push him to the ground
I, Shen Yu, am no longer a thing
Would I murder my own father?
King
You have to believe me.
What the hell is going on here?
The body is soft
You doubt me
Wait for him, only you know the password in the Shen family
All the servants
Everyone knows that you are the fiancée of Dung Lan
So I won't stop you.
You have a chance
servant
I remember a servant was there at the time
You saw it when Grandpa Shen fell
Tell them who defeated Grandpa Shen